Data Source: `azurerm_virtual_network_peering` - resolve issue (#27486) (#27530)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/d/virtual_network_peering.html.markdown

---
subcategory: "Network"
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: Data Source: azurerm_virtual_network_peering"
description: |-
  Gets information about an existing virtual network peering.
---

# Data Source: azurerm_virtual_network_peering

Use this data source to access information about an existing virtual network peering.

## Example Usage

```hcl
data "azurerm_virtual_network" "example" {
  name                = "vnet01"
  resource_group_name = "networking"
}

data "azurerm_virtual_network_peering" "example" {
  name                 = "peer-vnet01-to-vnet02"
  resource_group_name  = "networking"
  virtual_network_name = data.azurerm_virtual_network.example.name
}

output "id" {
  value = data.azurerm_virtual_network_peering.example.id
}
```

## Arguments Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) The name of this virtual network peering.

> * `resource_group_name` - (Required) The name of the resource group where the virtual network peering exists.
> 
> * `virtual_network_name` - (Required) The name of the local virtual network.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `virtual_network_id` - (Required) The resource ID of the virtual network.
```
